Release v0.21.0 for beta 5 (#1513)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

Description of the upcoming release here.

## [Version 0.21.0]

> This release focused on preparing the `fuel-core` for the mainnet environment:
> - Most of the changes improved the security and stability of the node.
> - The gas model was reworked to cover all aspects of the execution.
> - The benchmarking system was significantly enhanced, covering worse scenarios.
> - A new set of benchmarks was added to track the accuracy of gas prices.
> - Optimized heavy operations and removed/replaced exploitable functionality by deterministic.
> 
> Besides that, there are more the valuable changes:
> - Unified naming for all CLI arguments. Added dependency between related fields to avoid misconfiguration in case of missing arguments. Added `--debug` flag that enables additional functionality like a debugger.
> - Improved telemetry to cover the internal work of services and added support for the pyroscope, allowing it to generate real-time flamegraph to track performance.
> - Improved stability of the P2P layer and adjusted updating of reputation. The speed of block synchronization was significantly improved.
> - The node is more stable and resilient. Improved DoS resistance and resource management. Fixed critical bugs during state transition.
> - Reworked the `Mint` transaction to accumulate the fee from block production inside the contract defined by the block producer.
> 
> FuelVM received a lot of safety/stability improvements:
> - The audit helped identify some bugs/errors that have been successfully fixed.
> - Updated the gas price model to charge for resources used during the transaction lifecycle.
> - The `no_std` and 32bit system support. It opens doors for fraud-proofing in the future.
> - Removed the `ChainId` from the `PredicateId` calculation allowing the use of predicates cross-chain.
> - Improvements in the performance of some storage-related opcodes.
> - Support the `ECAL` instruction that allows adding custom functionality to the VM. It can be used to create unique rollups or advanced indexers in the future.
> - Support of [transaction policies](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#version-0420) provides additional safety for the user. 
>     It also allows implementation of a multi-dimension price model in the future, making the transaction execution cheaper and allowing more transactions that don't affect storage.
> - Refactored the system of errors, allowing the return of more detailed errors to the user, simplifying debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release focuses on preparing `fuel-core` for the mainnet environment:
- Most of the changes improved the security and stability of the node.
- The gas model was reworked to cover all aspects of execution.
- The benchmarking system was significantly enhanced, covering worst scenarios.
- A new set of benchmarks was added to track the accuracy of gas prices.
- Optimized heavy operations and removed/replaced exploitable functionality.

Besides that, there are more concrete changes:
- Unified naming conventions for all CLI arguments. Added dependencies between related fields to avoid misconfiguration in case of missing arguments. Added `--debug` flag that enables additional functionality like a debugger.
- Improved telemetry to cover the internal work of services and added support for the Pyroscope, allowing it to generate real-time flamegraphs to track performance.
- Improved stability of the P2P layer and adjusted the updating of reputation. The speed of block synchronization was significantly increased.
- The node is more stable and resilient. Improved DoS resistance and resource management. Fixed critical bugs during state transition.
- Reworked the `Mint` transaction to accumulate the fee from block production inside the contract defined by the block producer.

FuelVM received a lot of safety and stability improvements:
- The audit helped identify some bugs and errors that have been successfully fixed.
- Updated the gas price model to charge for resources used during the transaction lifecycle.
- Added `no_std` and 32 bit system support. This opens doors for fraud proving in the future.
- Removed the `ChainId` from the `PredicateId` calculation, allowing the use of predicates cross-chain.
- Improvements in the performance of some storage-related opcodes.
- Support the `ECAL` instruction that allows adding custom functionality to the VM. It can be used to create unique rollups or advanced indexers in the future.
- Support of [transaction policies](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#version-0420) provides additional safety for the user. 
    It also allows the implementation of a multi-dimensional price model in the future, making the transaction execution cheaper and allowing more transactions that don't affect storage.
- Refactored errors, returning more detailed errors to the user, simplifying debugging.
```
